use expected MinIO URLs for console (#12770)
Minio-io/minio: README.md

For example, consider a MinIO deployment behind a proxy `https://minio.example.net`, `https://console.minio.example.net` with rules for forwarding traffic on port :9000 and :9001 to MinIO and the MinIO Console respectively on the internal network. Set `MINIO_BROWSER_REDIRECT_URL` to `https://console.minio.example.net` to ensure the browser receives a valid reachable URL.

> If your TLS certs do not have IP SANs enabled then this can cause issues with console when MinIO server is configured with TLS directly, use `MINIO_SERVER_URL` environment variable pointing to `https://minio.example.net` this would allow MinIO Console UI to talk to MinIO API with proper TLS certs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, if your TLS certificates do not have the IP SAN for the MinIO server host, the MinIO Console may fail to validate the connection to the server. Use the `MINIO_SERVER_URL` environment variable  and specify the proxy-accessible hostname of the MinIO server to allow the Console to use the MinIO server API using the TLS certificate.

For example: `export MINIO_SERVER_URL="https://minio.example.net"`

```
